I want to go back to the first time you
ever
[Music]
met thank you so much for one of the
thank you I'm Selena but we're watching
Disney T when you're a pop star like she
is and you're a huge entity and people
set up all these walls before and then
the first second you like disarmed
Everybody by the way congratulations on
your engagement when you first were
meeting and recording together there was
a sense of you were protecting yourself
what gave you confidence to open
[Music]
not what I felt for Benny it was
everything about him was honest he'll
tell me anything that he's feeling and
it made me feel like I could do the same
if we would have met each other when we
were younger it would have never worked
we've both grown as individuals and met
at the perfect time and I believe life
is like that when Benny looks at me I
don't think he sees anything but who I
am and that's very rare to find but when
you do know it feels
right you talk about being best friends
so much was it scary thinking what are
we going to lose if this gets
[Music]
romantic the number one Health and
Wellness podcast J shett J shett the one
the only J
shett oh my gosh I'm so happy to be here
you know I love you you both I know we
love you it's such a fun like coming
together when this when you guys called
me and said you wanted to do this I was
just like how special is it that we
first met now seven years ago and then
because of you I got to meet this
amazing man and I feel like we've kicked
off of bromance and that makes me happy
yeah and and because of you I just feel
like we've been spending so much time
together and so I'm so grateful to you
both for trusting me and over the years
and the fact that you've been on you've
been on and now we get both of you it's
like thank you it's so special it's a
very safe cozy Place Benny and Selena hi
welcome back to on purpose for the first
time together I am so grateful to you
both it's been a joy getting to know you
both over the last few years and I am so
happy for you both thank you like this
is just so beautiful and special and
because of you Selena I got to know
Benny so much more and Benny and I have
been hanging out we've been meditating
we've been I love that eating we've been
makes me really
happy but it's thanks to you it's thanks
to you for bringing us together and I
was just saying as a man it's so hard to
make male friendships as you get
older really is that so yeah I think
well it's just like when you're an adult
it's like I have my people and that's
like what I have to let a new person in
like you barely have time for your
people that you have so you're like wait
in order to get a new person I have to
like move another person down the list
to slot a new person in because there's
not because there's not you know you
start to get to an age it's like Larry
David always says this he says I have
friends that I'm not even friends with
I've just been friends with them for so
long I can't let them go because they're
already built in it's like a therapist
they already know everything you can't
teach a new person that's hilarious
disagrees it's not necessarily that I
disagree I I guess I just always thought
that guys have this immediate like
what's up and then they're just like in
a flow so I just I don't know I found
that interesting yeah I feel like you
get guarded as you get older a little
bit sometimes I wish weren't as wise
because when you I'm not wise at all but
I'm saying like it's like when you
listen to something like for me for
music I listen to things when I was like
18 and I was like oh my God I didn't
know any of the rules I wasn't thinking
of anything it all comes so easily
because you're not confined to like this
box that you've put yourself in over the
years and then by the end you're like oh
you know I'm 36 almost 37 I'm like oh I
can't do that and it's it's like there's
there is some sort of freedom to being
really young too there definitely is
there definitely is but I was I was
saying that watching both your love
story and I know you were saying Selena
two seconds ago you're like this is such
a safe and cozy space to come to I'm
hoping that today we get to know your
love story on a deeper level and we get
to access really what's in your hearts
and Minds because I think there's so
many interviews and so many things that
kind of will touch on the surface level
of stuff but I hope we can go deeper so
what I want to start with is I want to
actually rewind and I want to rewind to
a place where well we don't retell the
story but we get to relive your story
with you and I think there's a
difference because when we tell a story
it's like this is what happened but when
we relive it it's almost like going back
to who we were when that happened so I
want to go back to the first time you
ever met and I want to hear about it
well the funny thing is is we actually
it was so long ago that we don't
remember we we we know that her
mother put us in a meeting together when
how old were you 16 she was 16 wow I
didn't realize it was that long ago and
and well I'm like four or five years
older than you so I was probably 20 21
and her mom was trying to get her into
music and her mom is a amazing the way
she goes from room to room get on show
gets things to happen and you know and
somehow she got us a meeting together
and we don't remember that time and you
know after we had done song Together
there was one time
where it was probably
2016 or 17 or something I remember when
you were in a studio like inter scope
stud and I remember I came she doesn't
remember it but I remember I came in and
I had this talk with you and I remember
being like whoa wow like s's really like
a complex person like in a good way and
I was like wow she's she's she's so deep
and and we had this conversation where I
really I was just really left by being
like oh she's deep and then we went and
and thought nothing more of it and then
when we did our song together I remember
leaving leave not not feeling romantic
at all I just remember leaving and I was
talking you know CU When You're a pop
star like she is and you're a huge
entity and and and you've done so many
things in your
life before like people said up all
these walls before so it's like you get
like like before I came in they were
like well you know this thing's like
this and this is like this and like she
might not want to do and like stuff and
they they speak for people so much and
then I remember we were so me and the
director were so nervous and then the
first second you like disarmed everybody
and I remember walking back and Jake was
like he's like the guy who directing
with me he's like this is going to be so
easy what they they made it seem like
she was this is going to be this crazy
thing and the warmth I felt from her in
that moment I remember leaving being
like wow Sela is such a cool girl sheel
you don't remember this at all no no she
remembers this remember the video part
but it was interesting because um yes I
don't have a very good memory but uh I
just remember the video shoot I didn't
see anything romantic nor really felt
that but I had a really good time and
that was probably the first time after
years of doing music together and not
together that was the first time I
really got to hang out with him and it
was fun I had a good time and that was
that um and then how it kind of
continued was I was always cautious
because I always wanted to make sure
that I did protect myself so to be
honest I didn't talk to him very often I
thought she hated really I really I knew
that was coming I really did I thought
she didn't like I would see her and and
I would be like does she not like me
like and I like we weren't thinking
about anything I was like wow she really
like didn't talk to me a lot and I was
like I thought I was being nice and like
my friends would be like no no and then
like there was another time I remember
and my friends were like oh yeah she was
kind of weird and I was like I'm so
sorry and there was like a few times and
I and I didn't know and I was just like
you know I was like that's okay I
thought I was being like polite by not
she didn't really engage basically
we I was working on some music
and we we went through some of the demos
that we had in single soon came up which
is ironic because it was actually
nowhere near where I was in my personal
life but Benny happened to do the song
no no I didn't even do the song it was
like one of my guys who did the you came
to F yeah and I like came to help out
because I was like oh I want their song
to I was like I don't like the way this
let me just at least help them I said I
was like well I'm not sure if it'll be
okay because I don't know if Selena
likes me or something and then John
janic the you know the president of
Interscope he was like well why don't
you just go into the session uh she
usually doesn't have people in but just
go in and like if there is something
that you feel is weird like try to just
smooth it over and talk to her and get
in and I said okay I'm going to go
smooth it over so I went in it was so
funny right before I came her engineer
told me like later that she was like H
Benny's coming and she was like and
here's reasoning I'm going to defend
myself I get very nervous around the
producers watching me sing of course
it's just a very intimate thing for me I
feel like I need to sound a certain way
or do whatever to make them happy and
when I get to record with just me and my
engineer and maybe someone I trust I get
more out of the experience so I just was
thinking okay well maybe he'll stay for
10 minutes and we'll just talk for a
second
and 10 minutes turned into like 30 then
he went to the other room and I finished
recording and he stayed there and then
yeah this is too long no okay so here so
from my perspective here's what happened
I get in there I'm like I'm like I got
to smooth this I love this back and
forth yeah I was like I don't have this
with anyone like I I was like I want us
to be chill and obviously 99% of it was
in my head and uh and I come in we just
start talking talking about life and her
uh anr is there one of my friends is
there we're just we're talking about
life and we start talking about dating
and I was like yeah you know I went out
on this date blah blah blah and then I I
was talking to her and I said oh my God
I have so many good single guy friends I
was like we have dinners at the house
all the time you should come over
sometime and I wasn't even thinking
about anything and we're like talking
about like our ideal date and like this
and that and I wanted to make sure she
did the line right so I was like oh I'll
stay there to like make sure it's good
after and then um so I did we left and
then yeah I didn't have her cell phone
number because I she changed her number
a bunch so like I like asked someone I
said hey uh give me your cell phone
number I want to say like uh you know
than and I I wrote I was like oh my God
you were and and and during that I when
I was with her I was like oh my God I
was like not only she's like really cool
I was like I want I was like I want to
be like I was like I want her to be in
our friend group and I couldn't even be
thinking I was like I want her to be in
our friend group and I want to make sure
this thing smoothed out so the song
figures out goes well and everything so
I said let me just text her thank you or
whatever and I was like you know you
were so sweet or something something
like that then she writes back I guess
we just were texting throughout the day
and she she told me she looked back at
our message she said somehow you started
sending like uh selfies where you looked
really bad on purpose like the worst
ones in your
youed to do this yes which by the way no
girls should really or anyone in their
mind right mind to someone they would
have a crush on do that but we were
talking about ugly photos like cuz I
always say I take the worst photos
sometimes and he's like oh you said
something and I sent him the worst
pictures of me like and like in bed sick
and then you know me at weird photo
shoots and now looking back on it I'm
I'm just thinking that's these are so
weird I don't know why me in that moment
yet or not yet yeah oh you did okay so
trying toig I had no idea so I had no
idea and somehow we decide so wait why
did you do that if you liked Benny why
would you sending well because I didn't
know that it was going to be like maybe
I thought it was just going to be
flirting and and not really anything
else but I really started to to just I
don't know no fall for him so I didn't
know any of this and then we
decide we're like we're I forget how it
happens but we're like yeah let's hang
out and I was like oh my friend's having
a a a birthday party tomorrow I was like
you just just come along and I was like
just thinking friend stuff and then so
she comes to mine and I guess she
thought the party was going to be at my
house but I was like oh in my head I was
like oh she'll just come over and and we
can just like grab a drink first and
then go there like like not thinking
anything of it I was like we'll just
like grab a drink at my friend's Wine
Bar it's on the way and then we'll go
there you were there and and we were
sitting together and she said something
like well you know because it's a date I
wore blah blah and I was like and in I
was like no I said if this was a date I
definitely would have dressed like a
nicer and he just kind of looked at me
and I thought we were on a date and I
was like we're on a date and then and
then we went and then we didn't really
talk about wait you thought who thought
it was a date it was oh she thought it
was a date I'm sorry a nice man takes me
out for a drink I'm assuming it's a date
I didn't know but no one had each other
out yet no it was like let's just hang
out like and then we go to my friends we
go to this Thai restaurant we go to jit
L and we're like hanging out and there's
a bunch of people there and then she all
of a sudden like leaves and she was like
I got to go to I have a video shoot
really early in the morning and I was
like okay and I was like but I wasn't
like because it wasn't a date to me or
anything so I was like okay cool and I
stayed with my friends and stuff and
then she text me after and I remember
you being like that was like one of the
most fun times I've had in a really long
time Selena so you technically asked
Benny out on the first official day she
did she did like every walk us through
walk us through that confidence that
that energy because I think lot of
confidence that's the scary part I think
that's when I recognized that I had some
sort of feelings for him what I fell for
Benny it was it was everything about him
was honest when Benny looks at me I
don't think he sees anything but who I
am oh that's so cheesy to say but when
you do know it feels right walking to
his house um or into his home to go to
his friend's thing I was very nervous
and I'm not normally like that unless
it's like an event or something where it
could be overwhelming but with anyone I
talk to I'm able to talk to people and I
feel like I'm good at it but I just felt
like all these feelings and then when we
went out I was laughing and I didn't
feel like you wanted anything or there
was weird motives it's it's sad that you
know people have to think that way but I
don't know I felt this immediate safety
and I was very pleased that I don't know
we were friends and then we him you know
the next time we hung out it was it was
We just hung out at home and we just
like we chilling and we were playing
that game uh not we're not really
strangers great and my friend made that
game and and we were just playing it and
we had both played it and I was like
okay sure we can play it and we played
it and there was like a card that said
like take a selfie together and we like
took a she like screwed up we took a
selfie and then right after the selfie
we just kissed and then oh great and
well no that's it and then she's very
private and then and then basically the
rest was history and we started hanging
out so much and it just like very
quickly I was like oh my God my whole
life I was like oh this is I this is my
person like I'm going to marry this
person this is oh this is the thing this
is what it feels like it was so
different than any of those feelings and
I was like holy I just I met my
best friend this is my best friend
nothing gets any better than this it
can't get better there's no I this is my
this is like better than any friend I
have that's a guy and I get to kiss them
like it was like it it was insane to me
so I was like I can't let this go I I
and it it was so funny because before I
met her I with my therapist I made a
list saying like these are all the
things I want I'm tell the list you want
to know it yeah I want to know the okay
okay so before I met her
you know I was a guy in in in La trying
to find the one for me and I was having
some trouble and I and and and I think I
was like maybe not looking in all the
right places and I was like okay it's
time to be a grown-up like I want to
like start a life I want to have a
family I want to find a person that like
is my other half that makes me feel
better and I make them feel better and
it's it's it's a give and take it's the
perfect ying and yang so I wrote down a
list and the first thing on my list was
age appropriate okay so that I love
great and it was 30 plus okay so that
was number one on my list yes not number
one but it was the first thing I wrote
yeah and then the second thing I wrote
was I said I know these are so simple
but it's so hard to come by somebody
who's kind compassionate and caring I
was like that's really three in one but
that was my but I was like I need need
someone who's like nice and is like a
genuine nice person you said something
really important the reason I'm bringing
it up is because I feel a lot of women
but a lot of people feel this way and
you said when you first were meeting and
recording together there was a sense of
you were protecting yourself yes and I
think that's a very human thing and I
think it's a very normal thing in
especially in this day and age
especially in your position to add to it
what was it that you know at one point
you said I'm going to adopt at 35 if I
don't find someone like you had your
whole life mapped out when you met Benny
but then and you said you were
protecting yourself but then you started
to open up could you walk us through
what gave you confidence to open up but
what that feels like when you're trying
to protect yourself because I think
that's the push and pull that everyone's
going through well I think first of all
making plans and trying to stick to them
is silly CU you don't know what's going
to happen and I can't believe that I get
to marry my best friend so it but yes I
I think for me I was genuinely
set but it was once I let go of me just
saying I want someone and I wish I had
this and I wish I had that instead I
changed my mind to I'm so lucky that I
get to wake up and my family is healthy
and I love spending time with my friends
and you know what if it doesn't happen I
know that I've always wanted to be a mom
and you know so of course I kind of
planned that out I think it was
because when Benny looks at me I don't
think
he he sees anything but who I am and
that's very rare to find he knows when
I'm feeling a certain way and kind of
before I can even let it get to a place
where it's unbearable he has already
talked to me
through a spiral and protecting myself
on multiple reasons you know doing you
know doing music working with someone
that's kind of you know like oh I don't
know if I should do that but I genuinely
just watch it just happened I think when
you know and oh that's so cheesy to say
but when you do know it feels
right and I think that that's what
happened to me and I just felt very
comfortable with it yeah Benny how do
you feel that you almost sabotaged do a
relationship by nearly introducing
Selena to your friends how does that
feel like when you're like hey wait a
minute come and meet my friends there
might be some nice guys for you to meet
I feel like it all happens for a reason
I feel like maybe me doing that is what
disarmed her enough to like you know
it's we talked about this before like if
we would have met each other when we
were younger it would have never worked
it's like we've both grown as
individuals and met at the perfect time
and I believe life is like that and
sometimes it doesn't make sense and
sometimes it's not the right reasons and
we're like why is this happening but I
always believe that you know I don't
know I believe in fade I believe in all
that and I believe you know if you're
good to people
karmically it's going to come back to
you 10 times over maybe you might get in
that moment someone's going to do you
really dirty but over a long period of
time I think things are going to go your
way yeah was it scary because you you
talk about being best friends so much
was is it scary thinking what are we
going to lose if this gets romantic as
friends no no right it happened right
away it happened quick was all one day
that was one day like like everything
really happened within and then look
there were at once we knew that we liked
each other there's that part where like
you know we're both extremely busy
people so it's like it takes a second to
where you fully prioritize you know cuz
it's like at first you date someone you
say okay I'll see you this time once a
week and then it's like oh okay this
person's getting cool will go twice a
week and it's like wait don't leave my
house I miss you like it all happen so
quickly one thing that you both did was
you had a long-distance relationship for
a while like you were in different
states and managing that you both have
crazy work schedules and I was thinking
in your positions it can get very easy
to be like oh that person's never
available they canceled again like well
they've got a million things they're
running away I mean you were just about
to say you both are starting to travel
together right now for work as well but
how did you manage that cuz I think a
lot of our viewers are like do
long-distance relationships work and do
twoo busy people relationships work how
would you both say you've managed both
of those parts biggest thing in the
world is trust um I can say with all my
heart that I trust this person um so for
me knowing that I have a 12 to 14-hour
day on set I won't get to talk to him
second which I don't need but I know
just hearing from him one time check in
with me and say I love you and I hope
the day is going well I just feel safe
and I've never felt that before and if
you feel like you're in a situation that
doesn't feel like you're a unit that
makes it scarier and then that causes
friction then it causes trust issues so
for me I would have to say communication
and trust helps but it it doesn't always
work it's hard I feel like at the
beginning there were a few uh almost
almost sabotages she didn't like she was
like that's fair at at the very
beginning in like her first few trips
away she was still gaining that trust so
there was there were moments of sincere
D no yeah yeah we all have we we all
have moments in our life because like
we're only made up I tell everyone this
it's like when you when you start dating
someone you're not only dating them
you're dating every single person
they've ever dated every single
relationship they've ever had in their
past every because you're getting every
piece of baggage that that person's
carried and that what they've learned
through their own personal life through
the life with partners with their
parents with this that and I had to find
a
way to build that trust with her not
make it feel overbearing and make it
feel real and make her actually believe
it and vice versa like I know that she
fully try if I say hey I'm just going to
do this today there's nowhere in her
mind that's thinking that and if for any
chance that she I always told her I said
it's okay if you have moments of doubt
in something in a feeling always talk to
me and I'll talk you through anything
that you may have you know if you say
hey I know this is a crazy thing I just
had a dream and I woke up from this
dream and I was upset sometimes she'll
just say like please tell me I can trust
you or please tell me you're not doing
anything stupid and I say you can call
me anytime you want and I'm
aware of her strengths and I'm aware of
her weaknesses and what I try to do is
surround her with a lot of things to
help her so if she's away and I have to
go to a dinner then a party then this
thing then that thing it's a simp
text in between each things that says
hey babe I'm going to this next thing
I'm thinking about you hey you know you
know where where couples where it starts
to hit is when they miss that text they
don't call the person they wait until
the next like it's just like I know what
she needs to succeed so I'm G to help
her succeed I'm not going to be a dick
I'm not not going to hit her up and she
doesn't need a lot she's like the
easiest person in the world but I know
yeah she wants to talk to me before she
goes to bed she wants me to say I love
you she wants me to text her if I wind
up having to stay somewhere 2 hours late
just a just a simple take out your phone
and done and and I know that no I know
that stuff really helps especially when
you're long distance because it's
natural you're far away from someone you
say I'm not with this person I'm not as
connected to them we're not we're not
meant to be far you're not supposed to
be long distance with your partner
supposed to be right next to your
partner like it's like it we do things
in life that that we have to do and we
both are very focused on our careers and
we're very driven and you have to find a
way to make it work that's comfortable
you have to talk to your partner you
have to understand them I think people's
biggest problems especially men are that
we don't listen all the time you got to
listen just shut the up and listen
listen to what they're saying a woman is
going to tell you EX actly what she
needs like when guys are like I don't
know what she wants I don't know she
told you already you're just an idiot
you're not listening just listen a girl
is if a girl is getting frustrated with
you on something she's definitely told
you multiple times and you're just not
paying attention um so it's like just
listen and don't be reactionary
proactively do these things I don't know
if you do the same thing but when when
you're away from your partner you just
try to think a little things that's
going to make them feel more comfortable
better you know I'm I'm on the other
hand I'm like living on the moon so it's
like she doesn't have to really do
anything for me cuz I'm like I'm all in
on on everything with her
and I fully trust her in every
capacity and my whole life I've always
been like this I trust everyone until
they give me a reason not to yes okay
and I trust people to be who they are
okay and so
far I know who she is so until further
notice that's how I'm going to treat her
you know what I'm saying yeah I totally
get that yeah that's my thoughts on no I
love that it's the character that gets
judged it's the way I'm not white enough
I'm not Mexican enough there's just
these so many different things that come
up in in my face that I can't help but
see it just doesn't feel safe and I
don't like being myself sometimes that's
a bigger problem than just talking about
it in a relationship I was very very
reactive I think that's why I was alone
for 5 Years cuz I really needed to
collect myself I think in the past
that's why I say to him all the time and
10 years ago it's not that I wouldn't
have wanted to be with you I just
wouldn't have been in the right head
space I remember there was a time we
didn't want this to be like a public
thing because unfortunately for Selena
her life is is always under the
spotlight being screed Ruiz it every
moment and this and that and for good
for bad and I remember sitting with her
and we'd been seeing each other you know
secretly for months and months and
months and and we were about to go to
New York and we just made a conscious
effort that we were like we don't want
to do this anymore we want to be able to
go out and have fun and like and you
know just live our lives and at that
point I knew that it was serious enough
to dive in like like that I was like
okay I don't care what comes with this
because I love this person so much
already that like we literally said I
love you on that trip she had already
said I love you to me a few times okay
wait so the album I said I love you
first yes so Selena you said I love you
first yes she said it a what made you
want to say that because that's a big
step I ass I definitely have never been
the first so this is the first time in
your life you were the first yes wow I
wanted him to also know how committed I
was and deep down I just felt that and I
I was tired of protecting myself we had
spent enough time together
where you know I felt like this was my
person and I I had the courage enough to
say it but I was very nervous and
luckily he said it back did you say it
back the first time well there was a
okay okay well there's been some slip
outs okay okay well she was she um has a
plate in her hand cuz she she had like
an accident and she was like coming up
from I think that was oh he's talking
about a metal plate yeah she was had
surgery or something she was coming out
of anesthesia and and she was like
sitting there and she was like love you
and then I was like what and she was
like and she was like I love you and I I
don't remember I didn't say anything
back yet because I was like I can't have
this be the first time and then one time
she was with her friends they were at
dinner and she was
like oh we really wish you were here we
love you I mean and then just hung like
it literally was like and then she
started wanting to really say it and she
was like it was right when I was going
to do it it was the same night and I was
like hey let me get my stuff out and he
literally said that and then I just said
I love you and I was like pleas I was
like please just let me cuz I had it was
like I had felt
it and I was about to do it and and I
was like I want to wait till New York so
it's special be in my house like it'll
be a good thing and then the day I was
doing it she was like she's like
couldn't take it anymore and she said it
and then we said it and the thing that's
crazy is you know before you say I love
you it's like this thing it's like taboo
scared to say and then after you're like
oh my God I can't like you want to say
it a thousand times in a row you never
want I can't even understand how I went
so long without saying it to her I say
it 3,000 times a day to her and like I I
make sure every day I say I love you so
much like I love you a million times and
then I always tell her how beautiful she
is and how lucky I am to have her every
day you know what I it's so annoyingly
cute and I always wanted no and I always
wanted to do that because I want her to
know that every day I don't take any of
anything for granted and I still look at
her and my breath gets taken away in so
many different ways and I I said it to
her last night we were sitting we we
were in like the pool or something
together last night and we were just
hanging out and I was just like you're
so beautiful and I don't mean that just
physically I'm saying like you can feel
it there's like a ring like an aura
around her that exudes just like warmth
and it and it just you're like making me
want to cry how do you react in the
moment when that happens Selena cuz
Benny we're basically the same person I
do the same thing to my wife yeah I do
that to rad all the time R will just
pull the funniest face in the world yeah
I was like how do you react when when
Benny's telling you all these amazing
things Selena what you say because I I
say now let's be honest I also am
equally grateful and I tell him that all
the time I I just it makes me feel like
it's not real and I'll like sometimes
I'll be like this seems too good to be
true like he's so sweet to me but now
I've accepted it I think I I actually
love it so much that it just makes me
want to give him that support and that
love back so um it's safe to say I feel
much safer doing that now and I like it
I think so many people feel that when
someone's that nice and that's coming
from someone who's like that myself with
friends family and obviously with my
with my wife too A lot of the time that
scene is a weakness like people kind of
look down on it when someone's that open
about their feelings especially I get
asked that a lot when I'm giving
relationship or dating advice people be
like oh no but if if I come on too
strong people get turned off what this
time was different for you where it's
like he's he's being really affectionate
he's being really open but there's a
part of you that realizes that's what
you want and that's what you deserve
because the world has become so hard to
please if you will I'm called fake I'm
called I it's it's insincere it's fake
all of this like it just doesn't feel
safe and I don't like being myself
sometimes and that's a re that's a
bigger problem than just talking about
it in a
relationship because it makes you feel
like you have to question the way you're
acting and I genuinely yeah I have
really bad days and sometimes I don't
have the energy to do what I'm doing but
I try 99% of the time to be kind and to
just be happy and grateful for what I
have and that just almost isn't cool
anymore and I hope that that
conversation can kind of start
eventually because it's not
it's not good I want to always be that
person that I was but it gets harder and
harder but I felt for Benny it was it
was everything about him was honest it
wasn't just that he was honest with me
he was honest about where he was at in
life and um he'll tell me anything that
he's feeling and it made me feel like I
could do the same but he's the one
person you know when you're saying those
nice things to me babe it's like so
sweet but I believe in to where I'm not
going to believe someone who is blowing
smoke up my but to just make me feel
good he's saying it because he means it
and I believe it yeah that's beautiful
that Honesty that someone has in every
area of their life including their bad
days their tough days their challenging
days then when they're saying that yeah
whether their day is good or bad and
they feel that way it resonates with us
I think we all we all sense that and I I
I love what you said I think it's so
important that we make it cool again to
care for people and be cared for and we
make it cool again to love people and
feel loved and we make it cool again for
people to be kind and to receive
kindness I feel like it's like a macho
thing like guys guys are always trying
it's like stop trying to be cool like
it's like guys try to be so cool and
like they don't want I think it's cool
to show your emotions I think it's cool
to tell the person like I call my mom up
and I tell her how beautiful she is too
like and I I I think it's cool to make
people feel good I think it's cool to
like you know I just feel like people
like are trying to push people down a
lot sometimes like to make themselves
feel better but you look so much cooler
and so much better if you're making
other people feel better not even that
you would look you'd feel like a better
person that's what I'm saying though but
it's like I don't understand why people
like choose not to do that and it's like
yeah it's it's something I'm very
passionate about something that I do
want to start talking about more I want
to be a good example I'm not the perfect
person Lord knows I've made tons of
mistakes and continue and will continue
to but I think it's important that we
talk about that yeah I'm really glad you
both raised it because I think so many
of us are actually accepting less than
we deserve because we want what's cool
not what we deserve yeah me explaining
to you right now I want to change my
whole approach to anything because of
like one thing that I did like that's S
I don't want have to change who I am
like that was hurtful for sure I don't
never want to do I don't do any of that
like when some people I don't care
what's going on no he's great at that
which helps me not care as much I don't
care about what anyone said I don't care
about comments I don't care about press
I don't care about interview I don't
care about what anyone says I just love
yeah I just try to have you always been
that way yeah what what made you that
confident cuz I think a lot of people
need to hear that cuz it's like this
okay why are you reading the comments
okay there's two reasons you're either
reading the comment because you want
people to be like oh my God I love
you or you want someone to say you piece
of you're ugly you look like
you know what I'm saying and it's like
and you don't need either one of those
answers I rather just freefall through
life and I don't need to know any of
that stuff and I don't I've never even
read an interview back ever that I've
ever done I don't look at the pictures
like I ask my manager I say hey did I
say something stupid in the interview
and if he says yes I said what did I say
that was stupid or I say okay great if
it's something like I don't want to know
there's always going to be someone
trying to bring you down hating is free
okay so people are going to be hating
all over the world they're GNA be hating
from their bedroom they're going to be
and I just don't even understand it I've
never even thought in my mind to like to
like go on someone's page be like J that
shirt's ugly why'd you wear that those
stripes look like Jay no I never
even thought about that like if anything
I write like oh my God I love this show
Jay like I I and I just don't think we
live in this weird world where people
seek validation in so many different
ways and I don't think we need and I
know it's hard I know it's hard and
people want it and you want to read the
comments you want to look at it but I
just don't think I'm going to gain
anything from it in that time I could be
looking at those comments I could be
hanging out with my friends or like
going on a walk or eating something
delicious on much healthier yeah I think
I think you have that too and it's why
you've been so successful in music Benny
yourself because I think you can create
original sound because it's not trying
to be like someone else or impress
someone else like it's it's partly why
you're so good at your craft because to
make great music to invent new sounds to
create new genres to create spaces for
artists to play in it requires that
confidence in I'm not trying to sound
like this I'm not trying to be like this
I'm not trying to impress so it's really
interesting too because I feel like when
you're growing up your whole life you're
told to fit in and then when you grow up
you have to stand out but then when you
stand out then everyone has a chance to
point fingers because when you're doing
something differently that's the only
time people point fingers if you kind of
follow what everyone else is doing n
will ever point fingers do you do you
read the comments no I'm the same as you
but I I got really good advice early on
as well I remember someone saying to
they said Jay you get if you get 100
comments you're going to look through
all of them to find the one that's
negative right that's the way the
brain and then you make it out like that
one negative comment the entire comment
section and so if someone said Jay those
stripes are ugly I'm not walking around
my whole life thinking the stripes are
ugly and let's get honest that goes even
deeper if someone says something about
you when you were saying like someone
called you fake or someone well I was
basically also going to point out that
women have it much please tell yeah tell
us about from my perspective it's it's
pretty um wild and I think this isn't
news to anybody that obviously women
have a lot more intense feelings from
their appearance to you know what they
are wearing to everything then I'm
saying this is to me when I get prepared
for an event 90% of the time I'm just
like I just hope I can take the picture
and sit down it's the character that
gets judged it's the way I'm not white
enough I'm not Mexican enough
I'm I I don't know there's just these so
many different things that come up in in
my face that I can't help but see but I
I fall victim to like looking at at
things and it really it doesn't add to
your life but it's just so difficult
from the choices of you know the people
you date it's like nobody cares about
those kind of things with men they're
just like yeah they they did that they
said that they you know they did this
and so I think we just carry a lot oh
yeah my weight's a big one too everyone
just has something to say and it's
really making me sad and not even sad
cuz you know what no I'm not a victim of
Ruan I just think it's made me a tad
bitter and feel really guilty for saying
that but it's true I I don't know it's a
really interesting time isn't it because
and I'm so happy that you both are
talking about this because I feel like
on one end we're all like body
positivity let's talk about mental
health let's protect each other like
there's this whole conversation and then
on the other side we're like pointing
fingers at people about their weight and
their appearance and whatever else it is
like you said judgments of character
especially saying with women and I find
that so interesting because I'm like
wait a minute don't we realize that the
same people who are saying mental health
matters are the same people that are
pointing fingers at people that can
affect people's mental health I'm just
happier that I don't have that you know
I had to stop after a while and I still
take breaks completely cuz I'm human so
of course sometimes I read things and
but I do most of the time ignore most of
everything I don't have anything on my
phone at the moment so there are ways to
combat it I'm doing it I'm not in like
um I'm not in like I hate it I
understand the power of what social
media is it's just um tricky yeah yeah
it is very tricky but thank you guys
yeah thank you for opening up about it
because I can imagine it just gets
exhausting after a while it's just like
just tired of it you know it just
because it's all the same and you're
processing all the same stuff but what
about for you Selena what's been the way
that you've been able to manage your
crazy work schedule staying committed to
the relationship finding time to make
memories and make space I think you know
I will say it's it's very hard for me
and like Benny said in the beginning it
was very difficult for me to take trips
away it just makes me
feel once I understood and got to know
him and I wasn't afraid to tell him like
Hey I just want to make sure like it's
not that I don't trust you can you just
text me before you you know go to your
next thing and I was able to do that
with him and he wasn't combative he
wasn't like why I
don't what you don't trust me it was
just more like yeah I could totally do
that and with that day by day I feel
more and more open and you know we're
going to be separated again while I go
shoot in New York and um yeah I'm ready
for it I think it's it's doable but it's
not fun exactly it's it's not fun but
but it found it sounds like you found a
system that works for you and the the
system is so simple is literally just
listening to the other person if the
other person says hey I need this it's
not now like a debate around whether
they don't trust you because I think a
lot of us if someone said that to you
Benny like it would be easy for your
reaction to be like well how can you not
trust me like you always know where I am
like how why do I have to do this every
day like you could have that reaction
but that reaction doesn't make the
relationship better and I think that's
where often that goes where someone
vulnerably says hey all I need is this
if someone's coming at you with a
certain energy you're already going to
Buck back like she always comes in a way
where she's like well I didn't like this
because of this this and this I'm like
she said it's so nice that I have to I'm
like no because I'm like I have to
approach this in a different way because
she came at it with such class and
effort so like I'm not going to come
back at her like that I'm going to come
back at her and say well I agree with
what you're saying or you know I
disagree and here's why you know and it
and that's how we talk through
everything yeah and then another thing
was I really wanted a person that when I
wake up I think to myself I'm like how
can I make Selena's day better like how
what can I do in my day to make her day
better because then that makes my day
better and I wanted to find a person
like that and I know when Selena wakes
up like the first thing she's thinking
is like how can I make his day better
and we have such a give and take like I
could never even see a world where I
would ever yell at her she would ever
yell at me like we don't argue like that
like I feel like I feel like we just
have conversations like there's never an
argument sometimes she'll say this is so
funny oh boy no no no she'll do this and
it's really cool she'll
go I'm feeling a little irritated and I
think I need like 25 minutes and I'll
say okay okay and then I give her her
space and then after like 5 minutes she
texts me she's like hey will you come
back you but but it's but it's knowing
that and we have the proper boundaries
set with each other like I don't have to
be on top of her every second she
doesn't have to be on top of me every
second we're together I just want to
know she's in the house so I can say
like hey I love you and then go back to
what I'm doing you know what I mean cuz
look we're both highly independent
people okay but we're both little mushes
who just need to be attached to yeah we
are so cheesy it's so fun yeah but it's
like but I feel like I think it helps us
too that we're both you know on my list
the thing was I wanted someone to be
driven and inspired by something I
didn't care if they made any money or
anything I just wanted someone to be so
into something that they did every day
and when she comes back from her day and
she tells me what she did I'm like I'm
not sitting there like yeah okay like
when you're talking to your mom you know
when you're talking to your mom and you
just say your mom just keeps talking you
go yeah uhhuh yeah like she comes back
and like my eyes light up because I see
the enthusiasm I see what she did and
I'm like and it inspires me and I'm like
I got to do more in this thing and it's
like we're in this place where we're
inspiring each other and we're so
inspired by what the other person's
doing and and she'll help me out she'll
be like well what if you did it like
this this and this and I'm like and and
then she'll say something and I'll be
like well why don't you handle the
situation because we have such different
personalities that are also the same but
we're the thing that one of us is really
good at the other one maybe lacks a
little bit and vice versa and it's so
cool to be able to like Workshop like
little conversations or how to handle a
situation and it and I just feel so
comfortable with her like that I can say
anything and she won't ever say I don't
know I love the maturity I mean hearing
you both talk about it yes but let's be
clear we are not the perfect it's not
perfect you're disagreeing no no no but
I think the maturity of and and I agree
with you I think I think that's actually
the difference and I'm glad you brought
that up I think there's a big difference
between maturity and Perfection yeah
Perfection is saying we never have a
disagreement we never have to take space
from each other we you know which you're
not saying you're saying hey I just
asked for 25 minut space and then I was
like wait a minute I need you and I
think a maturity in that because it
requires maturity from both parts for
you to First say hey I need space for
you to say I get it I respect you and
then for you to have the maturity to say
actually I want you back and for you to
be like not like oh I Told You So for
you to be like I'm here for you like
that that's not Perfection to me that's
maturity and I think that's I really
want people to get that from it that you
are going to have disagreements you are
going to want space like me and Ry went
through that she at the beginning of our
relationship if we had a disagree
agement and we were the same we never we
made a rule that we' never raise our
voices at each other because I came from
a home where it was not great she comes
from home where her parents don't raise
their voices but I was just like I never
wanted that in my home I wanted the
energy of my home to be so sacred and I
wanted the energy of the home to always
have a space where everyone just walked
in and felt like a warm hug and I was
like we can't argue and then expect that
to happen but it took a long time for us
to realize that when she at the start of
our disagreement
she wanted space and I used to say to
her well if you don't want to talk about
it right now that means you don't care
about me and that wasn't true she just
needed space to process so it took time
for us to mature for me to realize wait
a minute you wanting space is you caring
for the relationship some people I get
it they want to talk about it right then
they want to the one thing that also
works for us so much is like we're not
chill people but we're like not we're
never going to get I like I'm not going
to yell at anyone in my life like yeah
same yeah and you know I I came from a
home where a lot of that was happening
and I saw like at a young age and I was
just like well like my parents weren't
speaking the same language obviously
they were speaking the actual same
language they weren't speaking the same
language to each other to
communicate and if someone comes at you
like hostile right away the first thing
I'm going to do and I know she's going
to do is shut down so you're not getting
anything you know and I always say this
guys are so quick to like they got to
win they got to win the argument and
it's like what are you doing what are
you winning like you're going to argue
with your wife and like make her cry and
then you're like I won that argument and
then she hates you and resents you like
wait like don't be an idiot and and it's
like I only I've been guilty though to
start yeah I don't know I just not of
you sorry I think for me I
necessarily felt like in other uh
situations of mind it was um I was very
reactive I think that's why I was alone
for 5 Years cuz I really needed to
collect myself I think in the past
that's why I say to him all the time 10
years ago it's not that I wouldn't have
wanted to be with you I just wouldn't
have been in the right head space and I
don't think that you deserve what I had
gone through before so I've learned a
lot of lessons and I've made mistakes
and and I just want this to be right so
for me that was a lesson that I had to
learn cuz I think girls can equally want
to be right that for me it was really
difficult in the past and he's made it
unbelievably easy to the point where if
I even get to the point where I'm so H
frustrated he's like very quick to
understand I'm I hear you like you're
allowed to feel that and that helped me
shift where my mind used to go which was
a little bit of anger so so it was the
validation of how you felt in those
reactive moments yes that allowed you to
not be reactive what was it that allowed
you because I feel like as Benny was
saying earlier you carry this baggage
from all of our relationships into this
one I respect Benny I because he's done
nothing but respect me I again trust him
I can tell him anything even if it's
about something that's uncomfort able
and maybe she should just talk to your
girlfriends like he is that and that
helps Cal me down to say okay so I'm
going through these things because of
maybe what I had before or whatever it
is it's nothing is ever bad like nothing
in my life I regret and I'm so so happy
for my journey and I'll continue to be
it is a lesson that you have to be
patient and learn and I just I can never
picture myself disrespecting him I think
well it's it's also just a different
thing because it's like look none of us
are perfect like she gets spicy
sometimes and when I see something
happening it's about guiding the missile
not adding a jetpack on top of it with a
with like machine gun artillery like I
want to make if I see her getting to a
place where I'm like man in five minutes
from now this room could explode I'm
never going to let it get to that 5
minutes from now I'm going to say what
are all the tools that I know that work
for her that I've learned over like I'm
not going to exacerbate a situation I'm
going to try to calm it down because why
do I want to be in that position where
we're both just like upset about
something I don't want to just comment
down and tell her what she wants to hear
I'm not saying that I'm not saying like
to your partner be like yes you're right
you're totally right like everything you
no I think you listen and you say like
okay we're like sometimes I even I'll
say like let's not let it get there
let's like just talk about this and I I
do think physical touch is always like a
very big way like if you're in a
conversation with your partner like it's
like sometimes just like a hand helps or
just holding their hand while you're
telling them or giving them a hug while
you're telling them and and if someone's
upset let them talk it out first and
then after they talk it out be like okay
well here's what I think you know and
and you can work through these things
together such an easy way very
constructive it's not always easy I can
tell you that and sometimes we just
someone wants to be frustrated and it's
like sometimes she'll tell me that
she'll just be like I know it's going to
be okay but like I just want to be
frustrated in this moment yeah and and
I'll have to redirect because I'll be
like you know what you have every right
to be in this moment and she'll say this
is why she said this is why I want to be
frustrated in this moment she said it
the other day about something I can't
even remember and I was just like oh my
God I was like yeah I was like that
makes so much sense I was like I don't
agree agree with the frustration will
get there afterwards and I was like but
I get it I get it and it's so cool and
I've never quite had a
relationship like with her and we're the
furthest thing from perfect in the world
we're perfect for each other we're not
perfect for everyone else but I think
the thing that's cool is that we've had
all these experiences I've had all my
experiences where it wasn't right and
I'm like oh okay I'm going to change
that the next time you know with this
person or with that person and I think
that's when you really grow is when you
take all your experiences good or bad
like I I'm like her I take every
experience in my life my past partners
my family my everything it's like
everything happened for a reason and I'm
not going to sit here and mope about
like things that could be better or
different what I'm going to do is I'm
GNA say okay I learned this and now I'm
gonna put it into practice yeah yeah you
know yeah for me I always I always said
to Ry I always say to my wife do you
want me to listen do you want me to fix
this or do you just want me to go
through it with you a lot of make it
clear for me because they don't want you
to fix it right away and I'm not saying
I'm saying men or women sometimes it's
not about fixing you know everyone is
you know I'm such a problem solver and
you are too so it's like your first
thing I know the first thing in your
head is like how can I fix this
situation but sometimes it's not about
fixing it right there sometimes it's
about just like you know especially for
women who are like strong like both our
partners they don't have a lot of time
to be vulnerable in all the areas of
their life they have the world on their
backs your wife has there's so many
people that rely on her there's so many
people that rely on her so sometimes
they just want to complain about
something and that's okay that's okay
it's okay who else are they going to do
it to they might as well do it and you
and you just listen I have to ask you
both about this because I was so excited
when the news came out and it just you
know it was it was so beautiful to see
it go from where it started to this but
your proposal and and now you're engaged
and like that just I can tell I mean it
just it feels just beautiful being in
the same space with you both loving on
each other which is great uh Selena what
was The Proposal like like we have a
video of it but um I want to save that
for us and just keep that private but
basically what I will share is that I
thought we had a shoot that day and I
had hair and makeup and I was during my
regular
day I get in the
car and I'm thinking to myself where are
we going cuz at this point I feel like I
know a lot of the studios that I go to
and I just started getting a little
frustrated because I was like this seems
far right and I'm just just me and my
security and he's laughing cuz he's just
like oh it's just you know I don't know
it's a new space I was like okay we get
out I just I walk in
and all of a sudden I see no one's in
the room and I just look at my assistant
and she just shuts the door and I was
like uh and I like kind of walked on to
you know the area that he had set up and
um you know I think you envision all the
things that you would do and say when
someone asks you but it is actually the
craziest feeling it was really special
he he said the sweetest things but I
also was so shocked that it it just felt
unreal for a long time and I don't know
I've always dreamt of that moment and he
couldn't have made it more perfect and
yeah it was one of the best days of my
life for sure I wasn't nervous until one
second before I was so not nervous I was
doing work until one second before I was
approving Masters for an album that was
coming out that night and then right
when it happened right when it was about
to
happen I said oh what the am I
gonna say and I'm so good with words
usually I can't remember anything if we
didn't have a video of it I wouldn't
have even remember what I said you know
I had known I was gonna propose to her
for so long and you know I never cared
about marriage wasn't a thing in my head
she cared about it so much so I said
well now I care about it because she
cares about it and I found myself not
even thinking it was going to be a big
deal till I was there and then I said
holy get married now and in the
moments leading up to it it's not really
real until it's real I remember it was
so special for me because it was special
for her and then it was yeah she said
the two times you said that were the
best things in your life for that and
then when I got you w bger yeah what's
this I want to know about this what bger
is a restaurant chain that I'm not sure
where they are but they're not in
California and they're not in New York
and I love this chain so much cuz
there's a million in Texas where I'm
from and I love the biscuits Texas toast
and gravy it's so good and we don't have
that and for Valentine's Day he
surprised me and this was it this is all
we really did I was on the phone and he
comes in with water burger and I
literally look at him like I'm freaking
out and he had someone apparently they
opened up in Vegas and while we were
talking someone drove kept it warm and
then no didn't keep it warm I so I did
you re it what I did was I got all the
parts to it and talked to the people
there and figured out how I could reheat
it the best way and I was reheating it
in all different ways putting it
together and then yeah brought it to her
because to me someone like C could have
anything in the world the best thing you
could do she said it right after she
said right when I gave it to her she
said I can't believe you listened and
remembered my order and remembered all
these things in such an easy way and
then you just did it she said that's
what makes this gift so special is that
you actually like listened to the things
and it goes such a long way but I did
the my two favorite moments are the
proposal and whater I was just think I
was just so far he's done wonderful
things that's brilliant I was just
thinking something so crazy did you know
we were born within 10 minutes from each
other yeah really yeah on the same day
no no no uh uh place oh she was bored in
Texas yeah I was born right near her
like 10 15 minutes away and you never
met in Texas ever that no no he can't I
don't claim Texas no I was born in Texas
but I grew up in Virginia I claim Texas
she claims Texas she
claim do you remember your proposal of
course I remember my proposal it was it
was very uh I would say I was definitely
impacted by lots of social media trends
for sure I in my chap my first chapter
of my second book which is all about
love I talk about how I would redo my
proposal because you didn't like it so
not that I didn't like it was perfect
for the time but it's so
wasn't us like it could so I'll tell it
it's embarrassing but I'll tell it I'll
tell it so we were walking down one of
our favorite walking paths on the bank
of the temps in London yeah and we're
walking down I told Ry that we were
going to a dinner with my family and it
was in a nice place so she's dressed up
and everything and we come out and then
this random guy out of nowhere walks out
with a bouquet of flowers massive one he
hands it to her and then I had an
Acappella Group sing Bruno Mars and it
was really sweet they were great they
were very talented uh and then I got
down on one knee and then I asked her to
marry me and thankfully I was crying the
whole time thankfully she said yes but I
tell that story to say it could have
been anyone's proposal yeah and I had
food brought in from her favorite
restaurant but by the time I got there
it was cold and it was I didn't I didn't
do what you did Benny so I messed up and
then when we walked around the corner
there was a white hor drawn carriage
that took us around the city I'm done
but then when we got so then we were
going back to her parents on the train
to tell her parents what had happened
and I told them I was proposing that
night but we were going to hers and we
got to her house and her parents opened
the door and they looked at her and they
were like what did he do to you because
she had hives all over her face because
I didn't know she was allergic to horses
and she didn't know either and so that
was the night we figured out that she
was allergic toing and so that story
reminded me that I did know her but I
didn't yeah and you know
we've the thought is what c yeah I was
trying I was trying really hard but it's
one of we've been together for 12 years
and married for nine so we're doing all
right but I look back on it and I look
at how much of my life was just impacted
by the world of love and now knowing my
wife as deeply as I do I would do it
completely differently so I'm trying to
convince her to renew our vows and our
10 years of marriage and and also
because our friends have changed like we
got married nearly 10 years ago now we
moved how much your life yeah so much
has changed and so I'm like the people I
want to celebrate my did you even have
the podcast then no no no nothing no no
no when did you have the podcast podcast
is six years old yeah wasn't she on like
your first ever episode she was my first
episode yeah my wife's my first episode
yeah so sweet but yeah we'll do it again
and I think it's a great reminder of
just how much we evolve and mature in
relationships and how it's okay to look
back and go hey like you know it's a
great story yeah it's a fun story it's a
fun story but uh but yeah no I'm so
happy to hear about how beautiful this
proposal was you nailed it Benny you
just you know just you're the man I mean
it's it's it's beautiful to hear and and
I mean last time we were together Benny
you talking about wedding planning how's
that going we have not even
begun um because I think for right now
there's just so much going on I have to
go and shoot um a series for a while and
I don't know we'll just see we're not in
any rush and I'm excited to see yes I
don't even care about the next no it's
no but like we're we're honestly we're
so we've been doing so much stuff we
haven't even gotten to really just like
Bas in the glory so it's like I think
we're looking forward to doing that in
New York a little bit and what does that
look like for both of you just you two
spending time together yeah he's very
good at at like organizing and planning
and I'm very visual so I'm like this is
what I like and this and this and then
he figures out how to it'll be whatever
she's already told me the types of
things she likes and wants for a wedding
it be fun I love it you both
obviously got back into the studio
together recorded an amazing album I got
to listen to bits of it it was it was a
it was an interesting process but I'll
tell you about that offline but I got to
listen to it and what I loved was I was
surprised I I thought it was going to be
about your relationship but it sounded
that it was about a history of your life
sing it felt like
a history of love but the interesting
part is it actually has multiple
different stories yeah some of the songs
are actually about you know his past
relationship so I think that it was
really special because we were able to
talk about those kind of emotions and
feelings and not a lot of people maybe
feel that comfortable doing that with a
partner but I don't know we told each
other all kind of things like I would if
I was in a session with someone I
trusted and so yeah you'd be surprised I
mean of course it's not all about you
know rainbows and sunshine but it's it's
real and I and I think these are all
feelings people have felt before and
that's what we really wanted is people
to connect to the music whether you know
you like it or not we're just stoked
that we got to make Alum that we're
proud no it's beautiful I feel like the
thing that's so cool about it is I've
been fortunate enough to make a lot of
songs in my
day and people come up to me all the
time and they say this song changed my
life because I would you know I was
going through the same thing and
sometimes it is what I wrote about and
sometimes they think the meaning is
nothing of what I wrote about but that's
the best part about music that it hits
you it's like music is one of the senses
it's like food it's like like there's
certain things certain smells certain
songs they bring you back to a Time
immediately okay like you're immediately
transported and it's so cool that
everybody can be listening to the same
song and have a completely different
relationship with it and I feel like
that's so cool what was it like going
from working together that first time to
this time like what was different and
what was different is I never allowed
him in the room I can kiss her
now and I just I likeed to record alone
what's really different is
I feel like we got to talk about stuff
that she would never talk about as an
artist if it wasn't with her partner
being next to her and honestly I would
take out I would just write everything
she said sometimes she wake up from a
dream and she's like I had this terrible
dream and this is what it was and blah
BL blah I write it down then it becomes
a song wow it was so cool being able
to I don't know it was like therapy well
you were saying to me when we spoke on
the phone I think it was last week you
were saying that was just it was like a
safe space to be so you could say
whatever the you want there's certain
things you wouldn't be able to say if
you were if I was hey babe like I just
want to she be like what talking about
but if but if somehow like when I'm
playing chords while we're saying it
it's like oh okay and what a great story
yeah and you can just talk about things
and you're more open it's it's like a
therapy session it's like it's a safe
place and like it was cool to learn
things about her that I don't know if I
would have learned ever or as soon as I
did
did it bring you closer were making the
album like what was it like being
together but then making an album
together and being together absolutely
we were able to share things with each
other and he would listen to my doubts
and he would give me great notes and it
was never criticizing it was always
coming from a really gentle place and I
do I think it absolutely has brought us
closer but that's also time and spending
it with him it's so we got to spend so
much more time together yeah like cuz
like our work days got to blend a little
yeah it's a great excuse to spend time
together I'm always trying to find ways
to work more with my wife I know and
then just trying to come up with new
excuses I know that's all I want to do
yeah yeah that's how I would do it too
and you had some amazing collabs as well
on the album I mean obviously you've
launched the song with Gracie and
graci's amazing she's my God I'm so
happy that she's she was just such a
doll and so talented and you've known
her so I should say since she was like
13 but I love her did you interview her
yet no no I haven't yet yeah you've been
a fan for a while I've known her since
she was 14 wow so to see where I put her
on an album like five years ago so like
to see where she's gone is so cool and
you know I'm always one who like loves
new Talent new artist and she's great
she has such a great point of view her
writing comes from such a good place and
it's just like I love people where it
feels like they're like and Cena does it
too where it feels like they're just
kind of talking to you and then you're
like oh wait I'm listening to a song but
like what what you know yeah it's just
you know making the album with her I
felt like it taught me I was just like
we're really good at communicating with
each other and Sayang like and sitting
boundaries and saying when we like
something when we don't like something
yeah how do you do that when you're in a
relationship and you're like I I don't
like the sound of that like that that
we're both I think it comes down to Ego
and we both don't really have that so if
we just agree on something it's like
okay agree to disagree like that's fine
but yeah of course if I say I don't know
if I like that he he most of the time
doesn't even question it and just is
really receptive to my yeah we just
don't have any ego so it doesn't matter
he could say no I don't like it and I'd
be like
okay that's amazing what are you hoping
that is there a song in there that
you're really excited for fans to hear
or anything specific I think I want
people to hear the whole body of and
like I don't really think about music
like that I make it for myself and if
and luckily people happen to like some
of it and we started this thing in our
room and we recorded the whole album in
the
house and with our friends that's so
intimate that's have you ever done that
before not like this no yeah no and it
was like it kind of blurred reality a
little it was the most fun I ever had
and I just like wanted a piece of music
to be able to I don't know one day like
show our kids and be like look at this
like look at this thing mommy and daddy
made and like I can't believe it like
it's so cool to me yeah I don't care
what happens with it I was just like so
excited to
do this with the person I love and
freeze a moment in time in a way that
not a lot of people have the ability to
do and like we had we were lucky enough
to do that yeah Selena you mentioned
earlier always wanting to to be a mom
and Benny you just mentioned kids is
that are you both like big family Big
Lots of kids kind of people I mean I I
don't know what will happen obviously
but I I love children I mean I have an
11-year-old sister that I absolutely
adore and I'm still doing Wizards this
this far along because I love children I
love making them laugh they're just so
sweet so absolutely when that day comes
I'm so excited for it it's funny we'll
be at we'll be at like a gathering or a
party and not many people know this but
like Selena is like the ultimate level
of Shai like the ultimate ultimate
ultimate level of shy like couldn't I
don't know a lot of people sometimes I
get check couldn't be more of like an
introvert shy which is crazy because
she's the biggest star in the world and
it's like I'm not I hate when she walks
into a room her M yeah her main goal is
to like disappear into the crowd that's
like her her goal is to just like
everyone it's it's my mom is very Sim
her and my mom are very similar and
they're you know they're never gonna if
there's a crowd of people they're never
goingon to like be like how like me or
probably you would do we're like like
we're talking they're not going to do
that they're like wait and say like one
thing throughout the night that winds up
being like the most poignant or funny
thing of the night but like I'm going to
have diarrhea the mouth talking to
everyone and whenever there's kids at a
place it's the only time I see her
do that she immediately goes to the kids
and like has these conversations for
like hours with the kids it's taking
care with the kids and I think it's also
I think it probably also has to do with
like when you started doing this you
were a kid and that was your way to
connect to people and I feel like you
still feel like you have that obligation
to connect with like young kids because
you made so you shaped so many young
people's lives whether it was Barney
whether it was Wizards and I feel like
you're still finding your way to do that
and it's so crazy just to
see because she's transcended into so
many different categories it's so hard
to call her like you know a pop star or
this an actress or that you know you
don't know what to call there's so much
of a multi in it yeah just your name you
notice it sometimes when we see people
cuz you'll see a little girl come up to
her crying then you'll see her older
sister that's like 20 then you'll see
the mother and then the grandmother so
like it's like she's hitting all these
boxes in people's lives and touching so
many people and you know she's such a
Hermit that she doesn't even realize it
all the time and you know I'm always
reminding her of like what she's doing
and how special it is and how she's
always been so you
know outspoken will always say what
what's on her mind and is always you
know just I just I just feel like
she's there's not a lot of people who
are like just AB absolutely
authentically themselves and like that's
what draws me towards her more than
anything else she's always going to tell
you how she's feeling she's always gonna
be herself she's never gonna try to be
somebody
else well said you know I love it oh
Benny and Selena I'm so grateful to you
both for just opening your hearts being
so only with you huh only with you yeah
I can't believe you got her to say some
of this stuff she' never said very very
she would never say this is there
anything you didn't say that I that you
wanted to say I want make sure no I mean
that a genu actually am thinking I I
just I'm just really grateful that
people like you exist because you you
bring so much joy to people and also
understanding you know so many different
ways of life and navigating that and I
think you're a great example so I just
would like to say thank you I trust with
that information and it's always a
pleasure to be with you so thanks for
having us no you're both you're both
just so special you've always been I've
always said Selena for years that you
know no matter and those moments where I
could tell you were shy or wanting to
disappear but always being so gracious
and kind to me and my wife whenever we
were together and making us feel
comfortable even if you felt
uncomfortable and Benny you know just
the wonderful conversations we've had
over the last couple of years and I feel
like we've done everything we've talked
about so many different things and we
are both kind of like that you know back
and forth back and forth kind of people
uh but you've both done the final five
before on the show so we wanted to do
something different with you both okay
we wanted to play a little Coupes game
oh so I'm going to hand you f oh my God
these boards oh I know exactly you take
one each they're fun fun questions fun
question okay I'm not gonna take what
you just told me and turn it around so
um so we're gonna do where we're gonna
I'm gonna ask you questions you both
have to write something down and then
we'll reveal so don't look at each
other's answers question number one if
Benny would cook you anything in the
world Selena what would he choose to
cook for you so both of you can write
down so Benny if you're gonna cook
anything for Selena what would it be oh
like what do I think she wants the most
yeah oh because there's a few like four
or five things I think I know what she's
going say uh it's a hard question it's a
hard question I know it should I write
down three no no for anyone who doesn't
know Benny is an insane connoisseur of
food very good I think I know
okay I don't think it's GNA be the same
thing it's okay that means you just
that's okay there three two one p i did
steak I thought you that's actually
that's what I wrote that's what you oh
you did yes but I Lov he makes this corn
dip that I can just eat for breakfast
lunch and dinner but that's a good thing
that there's more than one thing there's
a lot that's a good thing yeah that's
amazing I love it all right Selena if
you would cook anything for Benny what
would you choose to
cook okay all right oh my
gosh what would I
do wait is it not what I think you're
gonna say I think you're gonna say this
uh because I like I
got H you got it Benny already yeah I
think so
okay three two
one okay corn corn foot very aligned I
like this said order a pizza you're
doing good this is great okay this one's
this one's a bit more I'm I'm intrigued
to see what comes out of this it's not
it's not about how well you know each
other it's an interesting one if your
partner could Master any skill instantly
what would it
be Selena is very ENT everyone who's
listening and not watching it's like
every time I ask a question her pen hits
the hits the uh board
immediately all right what do we have
three two
one everything it's annoying to be able
to sleep through the night yeah that's
what you would wanted that's what you
would want yeah super power no I thought
it was saying if you could Master a
skill like Master a skill yes I'm sorry
he'll put on a video game he will be
well he'll play basketball he does well
he'll do like Pro Tools and then he'll
do like all this stuff I feel like this
is the skill she'd want to master to be
able to sleep through the night that's a
real one that's a lot of people are
struggling doesn't sleep not sleep we've
done a lot of episodes on sleep because
that's a real challenge for a lot of
people yeah it's hard especially as we
get older you wake up in the middle of
the night and yeah not fun all right
okay okay uh what's your partner's
hidden talent that no one knows about
okay if I'm gonna I'm gonna take this to
Benny's
level what's her hidden
T I don't even know if I spelled that
right that's okay there's no spell check
but what's her hidden
[Music]
talent I don't really have one they're
all too public oh oh oh I know it I
know this is crazy is funny I'm just
loving the honesty guys you guys are
really going there it's beautiful we we
like to be honest yeah no but it's it's
so uh it's
refreshing okay okay three two
one list hard
on uh she knows every episode of Friends
by
heart both she knows she knows all of
the the the lines every line and you
could name what episode did this happen
and I could tell you what season yeah
wow it's crazy that's I never even
watched the show one time before her
yeah same as me and Ry I didn't know she
my Ry knows it really well and I'm like
love I need to catch up all right that
was good I like that what's both of you
as perfect date
night um how real am I allowed to be uh
just don't be like I'm the worst at not
wanting to do anything no no no
um old married couple I love it her idea
of a perfect day night is
like oh I have so many but this one's
just based on oh Benny's Benny's
planning the date night in his head
right
now mine's really
simple I never write it's so
weird yeah it's
texting you both got good handwriting
for people who don't write though we're
definitely not saying the same
thingg this is going to be so nice and
romantic and mine is
just you guys literally remind me of me
and RI with the yeah it's so funny it's
all right three two one reveal what's
her say hot tub Benny's food on a couch
romantic dinner with some small
thoughtful gesture than something I
can't
write I was trying to think very sweet I
like both the and you're right they're
both good date
nights all right what is Benny like on a
flight because Benny notoriously does
not he's never seen me on a flight have
you never he does not fly till Oh I
thought I thought you told me you must
have done it once I thought you I've
done it but not since we've been dating
wow yeah yeah so that's a blank wow I
didn't know that that's that one okay
give us what do you think Benny will be
like on a flight I don't even know if I
want to know because I would be so
worried about him yeah oh sorry was I
supposed to write that no no no that's
fine a mess yeah no for sure it's a real
real phob I just I think it's a big fear
of his yeah and that's real it's real
makes sense all right okay a couple more
what's something your partner can do to
make you laugh whenever you're in a mood
so even if you're in your worst mood
what can your partner do or what does
your partner do that will always make
you laugh ah
um so far Benny and Selena know each
other very well this is going really
well this is
crazy I like the commitment from both of
you extremely
competitive so Benny as you're writing
how did you used to get to New York to
see Selena would you drive what do you
mean I'm about to do it you drive from
here to New York yeah I'd take the boat
to Europe okay so explain that Journey
To Us oh my God it's so long it's like
like first you have to drive to New York
and then you get on a boat for eight
days and you're on the Titanic that is
amazing that is real commit all right
three two one Go For It Go on read it
Selena okay it says dance or rap or say
a weird fact that has nothing to do with
what we're talking about wait that's
what you're gonna that's what you do to
make her laugh well that's what I oh I
did what I do to her to make her laugh
oh no no I wondered what the other
person does to that's what you did
Selena right that's what Benny does yes
yeah yeah Benny not because you rap as
well you're a good rapper I did what I
do to make her laugh oh go on what did
you you right now I said I hug her and
then get on top of her and then I do
that little funny laugh though that's
true okay wait what does she what does
Selena do that can make you laugh
whenever she wants she like uh Selena's
proven to be the better listener right
now so okay wait so no no we'll skip it
we'll skip it we got a good answer what
do you do that makes me laugh in any
mood like whenever you're in any mood
like what can they do like yeah like Ry
would burst out into song and dance like
no relevance to anything I think my
existence makes you laugh she'll make
like a like she does like this like
little face and where she like puts her
head down and like looks at me and she's
like I can't even do it but she'll do
that that'll make me laugh and you'll
usually get on top of me and no but she
actually this is really funny when I try
to get somewhat like
heated it's like he can't can't take me
seriously so he'll smile and then I'll
and then I'll go from being
like that's true whenever she starts to
get like Angry she's like no and I I
just laugh at her because it's so hard
to take her seriously when she's like
that yeah that's true that's true that's
usually how our fights are yeah Ry hates
it because whenever she gets angry I'm
like you're so
cute what are you
talking she's like I'm not cute I love
that that's all right what's the one
thing they can't live without apart from
you so about your partner so Benny
you're writing about Selena Selena's
writing about you what's one thing apart
from you this this couldn't be
easier
guaranteed what do you mean guaranteed
easiest answer I could have ever thought
of that's the best question you could
have ever asked me I'm 100% right uh
somebody you can
what what is it three two one mom a
space heater that's true explain his
space heater okay so I um I have a very
weird problem it's not even a problem
it's just a me problem I'm a very cold
person got it my temperature usually on
my space heater is 90 and I let it go
all all over and if I get hot I just
open the door and then close it again
it's so backwards and so weird
temperatures are hard to everyone
everyone's got a different uh different
vibe trust me our office next door the
team's always arguing over what
temperature the room's at some people
want really cold somebody want it really
hot we have a system she always wants it
hot I love it okay uh what's something
the other person is really competitive
about what are you competitive
I'm really not a super competitive
person no I don't know what she's tell
me what you I don't think Selena's not
competitive oh I was going to I was
going to say you are about games but
then you don't care anymore like you're
competitive for like the first five
minutes and no that's true and then I'm
start to think oh it's okay yeah yeah
Sheed for like five minutes that's true
okay I love it I love it all right so
okay last two questions okay okay
actually I'm G to go for the last one
because you both are big on this I've
heard from Benny what's the other
person's most memorable gift they got
you that he's given me right yeah so the
most member one she gave me correct okay
oh there's so many but um yeah the one
there's no right answer I know mine
right off the
bat this is just the only one that I can
think of but there's so many yeah
oh
sorry was so bad you saw his no I didn't
I just saw like a word I love the
commitment I'm so it's amazing you're
the best that's like all right three two
one who's gonna all right talk about it
oh that was good one okay explain go
ahead this one is a picture from the set
of Will and Grace I thought it was
extremely thoughtful because that's one
of my favorite shows and you could see
it in the background of almost all the
episodes no no I got her actual piece of
art that's in Will and Grace from the
set yeah I got I knew the guy my my
friend's brother wrote it and I got her
for one of her birthday presents I got
her an actual painting that's hung up in
Will and Grace and when I gave it to her
the day I gave it to her she was
watching Will and Grace and it was on
the TV is so cool that's that's a great
gift and mine's a framed picture of our
first text where we fell in love like
the first one where we decided we were
going to go out on that date she framed
it and like made this like cute she like
made like like did all these designs
it's like macaroni and like glitter it
so love that that's a great gift guys
you guys that was one amazing Selena and
Benny you
are truly two of the most special people
I'm so glad you found each other and I
am always rooting for you guys I'm
forever in your corner in every possible
way I love you both deeply and know that
I'm always rooting for your love and so
thank you so much genuinely so grateful
for your hey do you want me to get you
one of these boards are you writing more
what are you
write come on I expected a h or like a
hug or some sort of emoji to buy now I
know what I'm getting you for your
birthday he's obsessed with these things
thank you I love it you can take them
home well we love you thank you for
having are the best thank you so much I
hope that allowed you to share
everything you wanted to share I felt so
good the best I love it easy we did it
thanks guys you guys are so fun how was
that if you love this episode you'll
really enjoy my episode with Selena
Gomez on befriending your inner critic
and how to speak to yourself with more
compassion my fears are only going to
continue to show me what I'm capable of
the more that I face my fears the more
that I feel I'm gaining strength I'm
gaining wisdom and I just want to keep
doing that